Doc: Add note for rename behavior of IngressGroup (#3283)
kubernetes-sigs/aws-load-balancer-controller: docs/guide/ingress/annotations.md

        other Kubernetes users may create/modify their Ingresses to belong to the same IngressGroup, and can thus add more rules or overwrite existing rules with higher priority to the ALB for your Ingress.

        We'll add more fine-grained access-control in future versions.
  
    !!!warning "Rename behavior"

>         ALB is uniquely identified by it's tag `ingress.k8s.aws/stack`, whose value is the name of IngressGroup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The ALB for an IngressGroup is found by searching for an AWS tag `ingress.k8s.aws/stack` tag with the name of the IngressGroup as its value.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: 1. i think we can remove this "There is no way to rename an existing IngressGroup while keeping ALB", since
   * the following text already clarified the recreation behavior.
   * technically there is a way, e.g. by manually change the AWS Tags on the existing provisioned ALB. But i don't want to call this hacky solution out in this document.
2.  `When the `groupName` of IngressGroup for Ingress is changed, the Ingress will be moved to new IngressGroup and supported by ALB for the new IngressGroup. If ALB for the new IngressGroup doesn't exist, a new ALB will be created. If the old IngressGroup no longer contain any Ingresses, ALB for old IngressGroup will be deleted, and deletion protection of ALB will be ignored`.
3. we can remove the "If an IngressGroup has only one Ingress (or IngressGroup is not explicit specified), changing name of IngressGroup will cause recreation of Load Balancer. If an IngressGroup has no Ingress, the corrsponding ALB will be removed. In both cases, deletion protection of ALB will be ignored." given the #2 clarified it.

>         The ALB for an IngressGroup is found by searching for an AWS tag `ingress.k8s.aws/stack` tag with the name of the IngressGroup as its value. For implicit IngressGroup, the value is `namespace/ingressname`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The ALB for an IngressGroup is found by searching for an AWS tag `ingress.k8s.aws/stack` tag with the name of the IngressGroup as its value. For an implicit IngressGroup, the value is `namespace/ingressname`.
```

>         When the groupName of IngressGroup for Ingress is changed, the Ingress will be moved to new IngressGroup and supported by ALB for the new IngressGroup. If ALB for the new IngressGroup doesn't exist, a new ALB will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        When the groupName of an IngressGroup for an Ingress is changed, the Ingress will be moved to a new IngressGroup and be supported by the ALB for the new IngressGroup. If the ALB for the new IngressGroup doesn't exist, a new ALB will be created.
```

>         If an IngressGroup no longer contain any Ingresses, ALB for the IngressGroup will be deleted, and deletion protection of ALB will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If an IngressGroup no longer contains any Ingresses, the ALB for that IngressGroup will be deleted and any deletion protection of that ALB will be ignored.
```

>         If an IngressGroup has only one Ingress (or IngressGroup is not explicit specified), changing name of IngressGroup will cause recreation of Load Balancer. If an IngressGroup has no Ingress, the corrsponding ALB will be removed. In both cases, deletion protection of ALB will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If an IngressGroup has only one Ingress (or IngressGroup is not explicitly specified), changing the name of an IngressGroup will cause recreation of its Load Balancer. If an IngressGroup has no Ingress, the corresponding ALB will be deleted. In both cases, the deletion protection of the ALB will be ignored.
```

Reviewer: Actually, the logic of this is not right. Changing the name of an IngressGroup will cause the ALB to be recreated regardless of the number of Ingresses using it. Separately, if an IngressGroup goes to zero Ingresses using it, the ALB will be deleted.
